update the docs (#245)
prisma/prisma: docs/prisma-schema-file.md

  provider = "photonjs"
}

generator js_custom_output {
  provider = "photonjs"
  output   = "../src/generated/photon"
}

generator nexus_prisma {
  provider = "nexus-prisma"
}

generator ts {
  provider = "./path/to/custom/generator"
}

generator ts {
  provider = "./path/to/custom/generator"
  platforms = ["native", "linux-glibc-libssl1.0.2"]

>   pinnedPlatform = env("PLATFORM") // On local, "native" and in production, "linux-glibc-libssl1.0.2"

Reviewer: Idea for different sentence structure:
```suggestion
  pinnedPlatform = env("PLATFORM") // On local set to "native"; in production set to "linux-glibc-libssl1.0.2"
```

Author: good call, thanks!
